Corrections from JWT key PR (#3451)
microsoft/CCF: doc/build_apps/auth/jwt.rst

Extracting JWT metrics
----------------------

> CCF tracks JWT key auto-refresh that were attempted and succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCF tracks JWT key auto-refresh attempts and successes.
```

This can be used to identify errors, for example when the number of attempts doesn't match the number of successes.

> For each issuer, that has auto-refresh enabled, CCF tracks an attempt for each try, and eventually a success, if the update completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each issuer that has auto-refresh enabled, CCF tracks an attempt for each try, and eventually a success, if the update completes.
```

> To query those numbers, use the RPC API on node endpoint `/jwt_metrics` as described `here <https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/operator_rpc_api.html#get--jwt_metrics)`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators can query those numbers via the :http:GET:`/jwt_metrics` endpoint.
```
